Jamel C. Lyons has been a technology enthusiast since 1988 when he received a Nintendo Entertainment System (NES). His journey into the tech realm began in 1999 at the High School of Graphic Communications Arts in New York, NY, where he learned about how the computer works, how to run a G15 printing press and create the plates either by hand or using Adobe Photoshop. He also ventured into other computer software and hardware outside of school, even using a soldering iron to run a phone line to his room for an internet connection and later setting up a home network.

In 2001, he began to have lan parties with his friends playing Halo over the local network and over the internet using software he found online. Two years later in 2003, his tech journey took a significant turn when he became an early adopter of Myspace. It was during this time that he harnessed the power of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to infuse animations and music into his web pages. Jamel's passion for technology evolved beyond a mere hobby. 

During the year 2007 he got into electronic bookkeeping, mastering tools like Microsoft Excel, Sage Accounting Software, and QuickBooks utilizing these skills at AccountTemps (Robert Half International). After passing the exam to get in Jamel C. Lyons would travel to many locations across New York City helping many different companies get their financial affairs in order.

In 2010, Jamel C. Lyons took a bold step and established his own venture, J.C. LYONS ENTERPRISES LLC, doing business as THE7OFDIAMONDS.TECH. It was also in 2010 that he entered the world of Real Estate Sales associating with Rapid Realty as a Licensed Real Estate Salesperson, enriching his skillset and business acumen. He received recognition during the company ski trip and was named Brand Ambassador for his outstanding work by the CEO Anthony Lolli.

In 2013, he decided to expand his real estate knowledge by taking classes in real estate appraisal, finance, and law. He also began to study how a financial advisor, following discussions while working for Ameriprise as a Security Officer. All of this knowledge is being used in his project code named ORB more current information on this as well as his other projects can be found in his portfolio at THE7OFDIAMONDS.TECH.
